Dawn Abriel: And this will be an intake for, I think it was Dominic Dominic Martinez, but let me make sure.
Dawn Abriel: It's not in carrier. So let me go to
Dawn Abriel: A meal for today.
Dawn Abriel: Dominic Martinez birthday 117 1987
Dawn Abriel: So this will be an hour long encounter studying at nine o'clock.
Dawn Abriel: Morning my
Dawn Abriel: Dear Dominic Dominic
Dominic Martinez: Yes, ma'am.
Dawn Abriel: Martinez. Okay. I'm Dr brielle
Dawn Abriel: And let's see.
Dawn Abriel: I was just printing out the
Dawn Abriel: Pharmacy medical records and seeing that you've been on Suboxone for a while. So let me just finish printing that and put it on your chart.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, this way.
Dawn Abriel: Download
Dawn Abriel: Out there.
Dawn Abriel: And it looks like you've only had one prescriber so yeah makes life simple but
Dawn Abriel: Some people have multiple providers and it makes us worry
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: This is going to be
Dawn Abriel: 0305 2020
Dawn Abriel: Let's go to your chart.
Dawn Abriel: I, you know, the surveys that you filled out I was looking at them and it looks like you're pretty motivated to
Dawn Abriel: Get off the heroin.
Dominic Martinez: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Oh. Yeah, most definitely stay off. Yeah.
Dominic Martinez: Yeah. In this yeah I'm done with it. So,
Dominic Martinez: Then my buddy was the one I mean I was buying them off of him and he was the one that that you know showed me how the Lord
Dominic Martinez: Told me that there's a program that I can get on that will help me out.
Dawn Abriel: No kidding.
Dawn Abriel: Your dealer told you that
Dawn Abriel: Yeah. Wow, that's I haven't heard that before. That's great.
Dominic Martinez: He knew I was an awesome guy like like real friendly to people. I like to help out people in, you know, and we were friends before. And yeah, he's the one that told me so.
Dawn Abriel: I'm glad to hear it and and he knew about bright heart health.
Dominic Martinez: Know, he just knew that there was programs out there.
Dominic Martinez: I had my mom. My mom was the one that
Dominic Martinez: I searched around, and I guess she had called the clinic and they told her that this one like it would video chatting or not.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, one provider.
Dawn Abriel: Box. Alright, so I assume that your last dose of Suboxone was this morning.
Dominic Martinez: Yesterday morning
Yesterday,
Dawn Abriel: And you're on 20 milligrams
Dominic Martinez: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, it is. I noticed that you had been taper down. Did they taper you down slowly.
Dawn Abriel: Like one milligram
Dawn Abriel: Oh. Oh, good.
Dawn Abriel: That's how we do it. Also,
Dominic Martinez: Okay, so like he had me on like before one every morning, whenever you need to. The one in the before I go to bed or something like that.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, that's, that's, I do not understand why doctors do that.
Dawn Abriel: The only thing I can think of is that they don't didn't get all the education about the medicine because that's not how it's meant to be taken.
Dawn Abriel: And it's a long acting opioids buprenorphine is a long acting opioid
Dawn Abriel: Heroin axes. They're short acting opioids, but buprenorphine is long acting, it's, it's in your system 24 to 36 hours.
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: You have to get the full, you have to get the full load of medicine in your blood at one time for it to sustain you. So you need to take the 20 milligrams. First thing in the morning, same time in the morning, every day.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, and you take it under your tongue right
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, and you don't smoke or eat or drink anything before you eat it, put it on your tongue.
Dawn Abriel: If
Dawn Abriel: You smoke.
Dominic Martinez: I do smoke. Yes.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, if you smoke before taking the subs that the chemicals in tobacco causes your blood vessels to cramp down and you're depending on those blood vessels under your tongue to absorb the medicine. So if they're cramped down, you're not getting all of the medicine.
Dominic Martinez: Oh wow, I never knew that. Oh.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: It, it's it really makes the difference. Sometimes like one or one and a half milligrams of the of the drug.
Dawn Abriel: People say, sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't. And I asked him, Well, did you smoke before. And that's almost always the answer.
Dawn Abriel: Is mostly for taking their sub
Dominic Martinez: Or even needing to fill it does the same thing.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, because it gets mixed up with the food, you have to have. You just have to let the saliva dissolve it under your tongue for a good two minutes.
Dawn Abriel: Because as soon as as soon as it hits the top of your tongue. It's degraded.
Dawn Abriel: It's broken up in and you don't get the effect of it.
All so
Dominic Martinez: Don't drink don't smoke. Before I take
Dawn Abriel: Correct, yeah.
Dominic Martinez: If I do. Should I like wait like 15 minutes after I smoke or eat or drink order.
Dawn Abriel: Well, yeah, you want you want to make wait at least 15 minutes after you take yourself before you
Dawn Abriel: eat or drink.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And I'm assuming you developed tolerance and dependence on the medicine, most people do. You had to take more and more
Dominic Martinez: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Were you ever an IV drug user
Dominic Martinez: I'm like needle.
Dawn Abriel: Uh huh.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Any medical complications from the IV drug use any abscesses or
Dawn Abriel: heart diseases from it.
Dawn Abriel: Contamination any legal problems from the drug use.
Dawn Abriel: And ever have any overdoses.
No.
Dawn Abriel: One lucky guy.
Dominic Martinez: Yeah, I mean for my dealer to be, you know, trying to get me off of it must show me something. Right.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And how old were you when you first started using any kind of substance.
Dominic Martinez: Because maybe like 16 when I tried marijuana
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And has your drug use resulted in problems with relationships in work.
Dominic Martinez: Work yeah not relationships will work. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And this is
Dawn Abriel: Dr.
Dawn Abriel: Sergio
Dawn Abriel: Harry that is that his name.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah. Yeah. Does he have a program or it was just a doctor who was giving you the medicine.
Dominic Martinez: It was a it was a program that I was wanting to every month, I would go into his office and have a meeting with them, take a drug test and then. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so that it didn't include psychotherapy. It didn't include group work.
Dominic Martinez: No, I mean, I could have done the the
Dominic Martinez: The therapy and all that. It was my choice to do that. But, you know, he saw that there was nothing really emotionally or physically wrong with me, so you know
Dawn Abriel: And so you understand that this program you're signing up for one hour a week of group plus one hour a week of individual therapy. That's what this program is about
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: You may not think you have emotional problems. But, you know, writing that
Dawn Abriel: You know, you use the drugs to get away from the pain that life offered you means there is some life skills, you still have to be learning
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And that's what the therapy does so.
Dominic Martinez: So,
Dawn Abriel: So bright heart health is the second program.
Dominic Martinez: Right, yeah. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And do you have any sleep or anxiety issues because of the drug use.
Dominic Martinez: I'm just mainly sleep by like restless legs. I guess you could say it is
Dawn Abriel: Okay. Have you ever been hospitalized for an emotional problem for a mental health issue.
No.
Dawn Abriel: And what would you say your stress level is right now, mild, moderate, or severe
Dawn Abriel: Mild. Okay, and what is it financial relationship economic educational. What's the stress.
Dominic Martinez: Financial
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and your self esteem, how you feel about yourself.
Dominic Martinez: Um, you know, actually, I woke up this morning and pretty darn happy mood that I hadn't got ahold of somebody and you know that they're willing to help me and whatnot. So I
Dominic Martinez: Was in pain. Last night, hardly slept, but you know I slept for an hour or so. But I woke up this morning, knowing that I was going to have an appointment with you guys and and whatnot.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, let's do the, the medical history.
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: I have a couple, three times I have to go through a really long list and just stop me if any of them apply to you. Okay, so first of all, do you know what your blood type is
Dominic Martinez: I know
Dawn Abriel: Do you have any head trauma or had any head trauma. Any problems with eyes, ears, nose or throat any breathing difficulties with chronic pneumonias or bronchitis any muscle joint
Dawn Abriel: Or bone diseases thyroid problems, anemia, cancer, HIV sexually transmitted diseases. Every tested positive for tuberculosis.
Dawn Abriel: skin problems, new models epilepsy seizure headaches. Migraines stroke bipolar depression seeing or hearing things that other people don't thoughts of suicide or suicide attempts.
Dawn Abriel: liver problems and gallbladder disease heartburn hemorrhoids hepatitis your bladder and kidneys and penis work the way they're supposed to. And you have glasses and you wear glasses for being nearsighted or farsighted.
Dominic Martinez: A near sighted is like you can see things close right
Dawn Abriel: Right.
Dominic Martinez: Yeah yeah that's on your side.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and you don't have any chronic allergies or chronic sinus infections, no dentures and you weren't born with a heart defect or have high blood pressure or a history of clots or abnormal rhythm to your heart.
Dawn Abriel: No. Okay, pretty healthy guy. Is there anything that you have that I didn't ask you about
Um,
Dominic Martinez: No, that's, that's about it. No, yeah, yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, well, then we can just move on through. So I assume you also haven't had any surgeries.
Dominic Martinez: No, no, not
Dominic Martinez: The endpoint. You have your tonsils.
Dawn Abriel: You have your gallbladder. You have your appendix.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: All right, we'll say
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: Is your mother alive and in good health.
Dominic Martinez: Yeah, she actually in remission going on seven or eight years. No.
Dawn Abriel: Remission from
Dominic Martinez: Breast cancer. Okay. And then my father is here to he's in remission and two years of lung cancer.
Dawn Abriel: And do you have brothers and sisters, yes.
Dawn Abriel: So first sister is alive and in good health.
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: You have another sister.
Oh, no.
Dawn Abriel: So first, brother.
Dominic Martinez: Um, yeah, she's a Life is good.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and you have another brother.
Dominic Martinez: My I do, but I really don't talk to him, you know, kind of it.
Dawn Abriel: But he's alive and
Dominic Martinez: Yeah, he's alive.
Dawn Abriel: Anyone else have problems with the diction. No.
Dawn Abriel: Well, that helps.
Dawn Abriel: Some reason. It's not letting me get to the bottom of this page.
Dawn Abriel: Weird
Dawn Abriel: Going to make this thing really big.
Dawn Abriel: Still not letting me do it.
Dawn Abriel: Something's wrong with this.
Dawn Abriel: Program.
Dawn Abriel: I don't know what to do. Maybe if I go back
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: Shoot.
Dominic Martinez: Mess up
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, it
Dawn Abriel: Usually down at the bottom of these things. It says Save and I couldn't get to the bottom of that one. So I am going to have to start over with. I just going to put mother breast cancer father alive.
Dawn Abriel: Other sister alive. Good hell.
Dawn Abriel: Rather alive, good health and second rather alive and in good health. OK, now let's see if it'll let me. Wow.
Dominic Martinez: Still no.
Dawn Abriel: No, no. Okay, I'll just ask the transcriptionist to put that in.
Dominic Martinez: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Since we've said it to her twice now.
Dawn Abriel: So I'll go back
Dawn Abriel: And then forward.
Dawn Abriel: And see if I can get into.
Dawn Abriel: Another window.
Dawn Abriel: Oh,
Dawn Abriel: Let's do the social history.
Dawn Abriel: Tell me. Okay, now I see my little Save button. I feel better.
Dawn Abriel: Tell me when you started smoking and how much you smoke a day.
Dominic Martinez: Because
Dawn Abriel: When I started smoking and I buy my first two years.
Dominic Martinez: And now, maybe half a half a day, I would say.
Dawn Abriel: Tell me, tell me about alcohol in your life.
Dominic Martinez: Um,
Dominic Martinez: Whenever I get out of work. I usually have a couple of beers. But now I've been trying to come back and maybe have a couple of beers on the weekends. If that so
Dawn Abriel: Okay. And do you eat healthy meals or do you have fast food more than a few times a week.
Dominic Martinez: I'm home cooked meals. I'm pretty much on a seafood diet. I see food and eat it. So, but fast food. I definitely try to stay away from
Dawn Abriel: And you get regular exercise.
Dominic Martinez: Um, yes, I am a carpenter. So I usually moving around, you know, doing odd jobs and what
Dawn Abriel: Do you take an aspirin every day.
Dominic Martinez: Oh my, usually like ibuprofen define my body sore from work or not.
Dawn Abriel: So you but that's not the same thing as an aspirin that some people take to prevent cancer and heart disease.
Dominic Martinez: Okay, ya know, I know. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And do you have a household smoke detector. Yeah. Do you keep any guns in your home.
Dawn Abriel: Yes. And I'm is the the guns and the ammunition kept in separate safes
Dawn Abriel: Yes, locked away. Okay. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: You were
Dominic Martinez: So, I'm sorry.
Dawn Abriel: You were gonna say something
Dominic Martinez: Yeah, I'm, I'm here at my mom's in for Alice, where I live, is like about it now route in the mountains, and that's the reason why we have guns because the barriers and and whatnot. But yeah, they're locked away though.
Dawn Abriel: Do you wear seatbelts.
Dominic Martinez: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And are you sexually active right now.
Dawn Abriel: And you practice safe sex.
Dominic Martinez: Yes, ma'am.
Dawn Abriel: You were born male and you identify as male
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and you were born and raised were
Dominic Martinez: On Corrales New Mexico. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And did you ever get into using benzodiazepines.
Dawn Abriel: Values Danny bars antics and being
Dominic Martinez: You know, I did like debuted my 20s, but like I really never liked the Xanax, or any of those. I mean, they helped me sleep when you know like for the withdraw or whatnot, but they talked me out and Thomas Lee.
Most definitely.
Dawn Abriel: And you started the marijuana at 16. And do you still use marijuana
Dominic Martinez: Yeah, once once in a while, I will, you know, not, not like I used to run every day and every morning or one but I used to, but now it's just, you know, whenever I want to have a toke or something.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Methamphetamine
No.
Dawn Abriel: Never
Dominic Martinez: Oh yeah, I have before in my 20s.
Dawn Abriel: And cocaine.
Dominic Martinez: Yes, I tried in my earlier years
Create them.
Dominic Martinez: On
Dawn Abriel: credo know what it is you probably didn't use it.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And do you have children.
No.
Dawn Abriel: And how far did you go in school.
Dominic Martinez: To high graduation high school diploma.
Dawn Abriel: OK, you are employed as a carpenter or self employed.
Dominic Martinez: Self Employed
Dawn Abriel: And so most of your work history is around carpentry.
Dominic Martinez: Um, yeah, I guess you could say that I, my last job, I was working at a nursery with trees and plants and whatnot. And I would deliver all around New Mexico.
Dominic Martinez: So yeah, but mainly I was a carpenter. Oh, yeah. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And you, you have a home, you don't, you're not homeless.
Dominic Martinez: Yes, oh yeah, I do. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And what do you like to do for fine.
Dominic Martinez: I'm go fishing.
At you
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dominic Martinez: No, no. Yeah, I had a DWI in 2018 and I just got or it was 17. But anyways, I got my license back and that was the last trouble that I told myself I wanted to get in. So, yeah.
Dominic Martinez: No, no. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And and
Dawn Abriel: With whom do you live.
Dominic Martinez: I right now I'm staying with my friend out in Cuba, New Mexico.
Dominic Martinez: And, yeah, yeah. He has a room that I see rents out for me.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: I know military service.
Dawn Abriel: Know, and
Dawn Abriel: Alright.
Dawn Abriel: Save and move on. So now I'm going to ask you a really long list of symptoms.
Dawn Abriel: For any chronic something that goes on a lot but but none of the withdrawal don't mention any withdrawal symptoms. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So let me see patient not. Oh, do you have some withdrawal symptoms. Now,
Dominic Martinez: Oh yeah, like cold sweats and restless legs.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so fever, night sweats chills cold intolerance, fatigue, weight gain drinking a lot eating a lot red eyes double vision, blurred vision loss of vision change envision
Dawn Abriel: difficulty hearing, hearing loss ear drainage ringing in your ears bloody nose chronic nasal congestion. So lips are mouse or tongue.
Dawn Abriel: neck stiffness pain or lumps in your neck shortness of breath, cough, difficulty breathing chest pain.
Dawn Abriel: irregular heartbeat. Can't breathe when you're lying down swelling in your ankles or varicose veins Dahlia. Do you have constipation from the opioids.
Dominic Martinez: Yeah, I usually do. Yeah.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Vomiting rectal pain, abdominal pain, painful urination blood in your urine penal lot not being enough changing hair meal or
Dawn Abriel: skin texture new moles, muscle pain back pain tender points muscle cramps limp headaches vertigo headache.
Dawn Abriel: lightheadedness fainting numbness, tingling weakness tremor lack of coordination difficulty speaking changing mood depression sadness interfering with your life anxiety nervousness.
Dawn Abriel: And we will just put sleep issues suicidal thoughts hopelessness seeing or hearing things that aren't there or easy bruising. No.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and you're not taking any
Dawn Abriel: prescription medicines, except the Suboxone
Dominic Martinez: Yeah. Yeah, correct.
Dawn Abriel: And you're taking the eight slash to film.
Dominic Martinez: Yeah. Yeah, that's what I was taking yeah okay
Dawn Abriel: And were you having any insurance problems, taking that
Dominic Martinez: No. The only issue is when when I was on another pro on the other program I had switched my insurance to Presbyterian and the pharmacy. I used to go to, they would, they wouldn't accept it because I guess Presbyterian and covered up or the suit. But that was the only issue I have
Dawn Abriel: Okay, because most insurance companies nowadays.
Dawn Abriel: Want you to use the generic buprenorphine.
Dawn Abriel: naloxone so i i can write for the Suboxone it just
Dawn Abriel: Want to make sure that's going to not delay things because if you're not used to getting it.
Dawn Abriel: You have to go through a prior authorization, so they won't give it to you until the it gets authorized
Dominic Martinez: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: No allergies to medicines, no.
Dawn Abriel: Or anything
No.
Dawn Abriel: This question is
Dawn Abriel: For people who might have some early dementia, but I have to ask it anyway you bathe yourself you dress yourself you feed yourself to go to the bathroom by yourself and you go from one place to the other without having to have helped you.
Dawn Abriel: Know where you are who you are, what time it is. You make your own decisions. You have the memory that's appropriate to your age, you
Dawn Abriel: Can direct and focus your attention and you can read
Dominic Martinez: Yes, ma'am.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Do you know how to get your pulse.
Dominic Martinez: No.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, I'll show you.
Dawn Abriel: Well, this my screen is just not behaving.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, now okay so
Dawn Abriel: On the side of your neck. You've got a muscle that runs from here down to here just in front of that muscle.
Dawn Abriel: You have to press
Dawn Abriel: Lightly or you block it off.
Dominic Martinez: Yeah okay, fill it. No.
Dawn Abriel: Got it, okay.
Dawn Abriel: I'm going to tell you when to start counting. Hold on, start now.
Dawn Abriel: What number
Dominic Martinez: That was how many heartbeat trade.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And have you had a blood pressure taken recently.
Dawn Abriel: No. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Tall, are you
Dominic Martinez: About five seven
Dawn Abriel: And your current weight.
Dominic Martinez: When 164
Dominic Martinez: Think it was like 155 around there. OK.
Dawn Abriel: Now we're going to do a little physical exam. And the first thing I need you to do is
Dawn Abriel: Take your glasses off and pull your eyelid down so I can see under your eyelid.
Dawn Abriel: Make your fingers a little closer to the to the lid. Yeah. Okay, perfect. Okay, let go pull back.
Dawn Abriel: Make your head go back away from the camera.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah okay right there and look all the way to the right.
Dawn Abriel: I can't tell if you're hearing me okay there and left.
Dominic Martinez: To go. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: There's, there must be a little bit of a delay, all the way up and all the way down.
Dawn Abriel: Good. Okay, and breathe out of either side of your nose.
Dawn Abriel: Perfect. Stick your tongue out at me and move it side to side.
Dawn Abriel: Great. Close your mouth no job or
Dawn Abriel: Teeth pain. No.
Good.
Dawn Abriel: Put your ear to your shoulder on both sides.
Dawn Abriel: Good and chin to shoulder both sides.
Dawn Abriel: Head back and head forward.
Dawn Abriel: All right.
Dawn Abriel: Now, put my glasses on and let me see you swallow.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And. Take a big deep breath.
Dawn Abriel: And are you holding your phone.
Dawn Abriel: Yes. Okay. Can you prop it up somewhere or with one hand hold the phone the other hand, I, I want you to push on your belly upper right upper left lower right lower left.
Dominic Martinez: Much just a moment.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. You bet.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, that's good.
Dominic Martinez: Okay, so do what no
Dawn Abriel: Push on your belly upper right upper left lower right lower left. Yeah, no lumps or bumps or pain when you poke around in there.
Dawn Abriel: No. Perfect. Now I want you to pull against your fingers.
Dawn Abriel: Good no pain when you do that.
Dominic Martinez: No. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Now bring the camera and let me see your ankles that I want to see that there's no swelling in your ankles.
Dominic Martinez: Just a moment. Let me take my soccer.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, that's okay. You can just push it down.
Dominic Martinez: Oh,
Dominic Martinez: Can you see it.
Dawn Abriel: Not yet. There was a let me. Yeah. Now I see it. And the other side.
Dominic Martinez: Okay, just a moment. Again,
Dawn Abriel: Good. Okay, you know,
Dawn Abriel: You have this same sheets on that bed that I used to have many years ago. It's funny, I recognize
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so let's talk about the program.
Dawn Abriel: Because you work. So what are your hours of work.
Dominic Martinez: I'm like nine to four easily
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So you're going to want a night group, I assume, unless you want to do an early morning seven o'clock group.
Dominic Martinez: You know what the evening, I'd be a lot better.
Dominic Martinez: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So let's put you on Monday night.
Dawn Abriel: At
Dawn Abriel: Six o'clock group.
Dawn Abriel: And that's with Jessica peer Bailey is the therapist name.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: When you come to group it has to be like this. Good lighting where we can see we can read your facial expressions you absolutely positively no exception must be alone.
Dawn Abriel: There cannot be anyone walking around.
Dawn Abriel: You can imagine if someone saw the screen and saw someone they knew what a violation of privacy. That would be so there can't be anyone. We asked people to use earbuds just in case. So that someone can't accidentally hear what another person is saying so.
Dawn Abriel: If you have, that would be great.
Dawn Abriel: And before every group, you have to fill out a form called a bam ba n. It's a brief addiction monitor. It's similar to one of the forms you filled out but it allows me to read your
Dawn Abriel: How you're doing in the program because people can't talk about everything in group right so
Dawn Abriel: In order for me to really understand what's going on for you. I read every single one from. Every patient, every week.
Dawn Abriel: So I really take it seriously because this way. I don't miss things if I see that your, your score on sleep is going up, I will take you aside and see if we can do something about that.
Dawn Abriel: Or anything else that's going on that you're answering questions too. But so that has to be done before group, otherwise you'll have to do it and you you'll be late for group and you get your prescription. When you come to group.
Dominic Martinez: Okay, so
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: So it's an hour long. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Go ahead.
Dominic Martinez: Um, so I won't get a prescription. Now after
Dawn Abriel: I'll give you a prescription. I'll give you a script that will get you to Monday.
Dominic Martinez: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, thank you again and you know you keep your appointments and you're doing well in the program.
Dawn Abriel: In a couple of months, we can move you to every two weeks, or once a month depending on how you're doing.
Dawn Abriel: And it sounds like you're going to progress like that pretty quickly because
Dawn Abriel: We've been doing this for so long.
Dawn Abriel: So right after you get done with me. I want you to go back to the virtual clinic, the virtual clinic that that zoom room where the care coordinator, you know, got all your information.
Dawn Abriel: They are the go to people for any problems, you need to get ahold of the therapist, you need to get ahold of the doc something's going on with the pharmacy, you go to them first and then they have ways of getting ahold of us to solve your problems.
Dominic Martinez: Okay. Alrighty.
Dawn Abriel: And so when you go back to the virtual clinic after we get through talking, you're going to do two things. You're going to say, tell me how to do that. BAM thing.
Dawn Abriel: And one more survey called the adverse childhood experiences. It's just 10 questions one time. Just do it, get it over with. It gives us a real good idea of what your early childhood stressors were so
Dawn Abriel: We ask everyone to do that.
Dawn Abriel: I will be giving you a prescription for Narcan by law. Whenever we prescribe buprenorphine. We have to prescribe Narcan did you gather doctor do that.
Dominic Martinez: Yeah, yeah. And actually, I will give the Narcan to, you know, I would see druggies walking around, and I would give her
Dawn Abriel: Perfect. That is exactly what it's for.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And I do, what are called E prescriptions electronic prescriptions. So you'll never get a piece of paper.
Dawn Abriel: And I
Dawn Abriel: I submit it. And sometimes it can take 1520 minutes because
Dawn Abriel: Perhaps all of the electronic prescriptions.
Dawn Abriel: Go to Philadelphia and then they get, spit out to the individual pharmacies.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, that sometimes doctors are all prescribing at the same time, I guess that's what was explained to me one time I it seemed like it was taking longer than it should. And that's what they told me
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: I really recommend that you call and say, Is my E prescription packaged ready for me.
Dominic Martinez: All right.
Dominic Martinez: And that's going to be in the Walmart in Britain, Leo or
Dawn Abriel: Whatever one whatever one you told the care coordinator. She wrote down. It's in your chart, it automatically comes up to that one. So,
Dawn Abriel: Whatever you told her.
Dawn Abriel: Or him.
Dawn Abriel: And every month you'll get one in a row, all kinds of things flew at me.
Dawn Abriel: A manila envelope like this in the mail really make sure that
Dawn Abriel: Bright heart health has the address where you are. If you change addresses MC bright heart health. The first people you call and say, I need to tell you my new address because if you don't get one of these. And what is it will have a urine drug cup in it like this.
Dawn Abriel: When you get the package.
Dawn Abriel: Do not open it. If you open it. They don't count it. It's not valid. They won't use it, they'll send you to a lab.
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: This will happen once a month. So you just get it in the mail. And when you have a minute, you go to bright heart health virtual clinic and you say, Hey, I have one of these. What do I do with it.
Dawn Abriel: I forgot to turn this off with
Dominic Martinez: Them and the
Dawn Abriel: Ace ace.
Dominic Martinez: Ace. Okay, yeah. Damn, and he
Dawn Abriel: was nice meeting you. And we'll see you Monday night.
Dominic Martinez: Already you have a lovely day.
Dawn Abriel: You too. Bye bye.
Dawn Abriel: So for assessment put in opioid use disorder.
Dawn Abriel: Severe and put nicotine dependence.
Dawn Abriel: And I put the plan in
Dawn Abriel: He's going to be group going to go with
Dawn Abriel: Jessica.
Dawn Abriel: And he's going to be on Suboxone 20 milligrams
Dawn Abriel: He was pretty easy.
Dawn Abriel: And healthy
Dawn Abriel: I think everything got put in there. Oh, except the family history. History. Something was funny about my
Dawn Abriel: Screen and I couldn't get it in there. So if you wouldn't mind.
Dawn Abriel: Clicking on the right buttons for the family history. That'd be good.
Dawn Abriel: All right. Thank you.